fix(holocron): bad modules could cause crashes and prevent restart (#631)
americanexpress/one-app: prod-sample/sample-modules/unhealthy-frank/0.0.0/README.md

> # healthy-frank

Reviewer: unhealthy frank needs a new description

> # healthy-frank

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# unhealthy-frank
```

> A module that works, nothing more, nothing less. Used for integration testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A module that requires a missing external, nothing more, nothing less. Used for integration testing.
```
